you got to be very careful when your
first lady I spoke to your husband about
this also because he jokes around a lot
but then you realize like oh I I have to
maybe real an end because the position I
have but you're not first lady anymore I
am NOT and as far as I'm concerned you
can cut loose and really say anything
now right yeah so what I've done is I've
got native cards here what have you done
I written some things down and if you
are you've written some yes if you're
game for this okay maybe here are some
things that you could say now that you
are just look at those cards and just
read don't even look at them just read
what I wrote yeah
start with that one all right and look
at the camera right there so we feel oh
look at that what sorry yeah okay yeah
I've I've never eaten a vegetable I knew
it I knew it
there's another that's not true mm-hmm
the whole eight years we were in the
White House who's Laura Bush's Netflix
password revelation
Laura sorry there you go
I'm not sure which ones Sasha and which
ones Malia they agree they get so mad
every time I miss their names up I'm
like who are hard to be in a parent the
game that Sasha plays with me is that
when we're with a lot of people she'll
call me mom mom mom and I and I don't
here and she's like Michelle Michelle
she's like see all right couple more
these are important
I stole the phrase when they go low we
go high from the back of a Snapple cap
to more Barry be quiet and hold my purse
and you're fine I think outrageous
statement to make now that you're no
longer first lady Clooney is my freebie
everyone misses her book becoming in
I am Jimmy Kimmel and I am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry